Saved GraphQL Queries (#75)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.1.md

### Added

#### GraphQL ORM Functions

> Two new [GraphQL utility functions](../plugins/development.md) have been added to allow easy access to the GraphQL system from source code. Both can be access throughout Nautobot and plugins by using `from nautobot.core.graphql import execute_saved_query, execute_query`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two new [GraphQL utility functions](../plugins/development.md) have been added to allow easy access to the GraphQL system from source code. Both can be accessed by using `from nautobot.core.graphql import execute_saved_query, execute_query`.
```
